Your first assignment is to use GitHub to submit some autobiographical information about yourself.  Answer the following questions.  Use GitHub to submit the resulting text file.

1. What is your name?
My name is Dave Froslie.

2. Why are you interested in Data Science?
Data science is making a huge impact in the world of software development. One benefit is the ability gain insight into customer usage through collection, aggregation, and analysis 
of product telemetry. Another benefit is integration of machine learning and analytics into products to make them more useful.   

Personally, making sense of data has always been an area of interest.   Getting a master's degree in data science will give me a better foundation and present new opportunities for me in this exciting field.

3. Tell us a little bit about your programming experience.  What programming courses have you taken?  Do you use programming on the job, and if so, how?
After graduating with a degree in electrical engineering, I've been in the software engineering field for 30 years.  While I've been around programming consistently, many of 
these years were spent in managerial and architectural roles that didn't involve day to day coding.  I've used R a fair amount in the last couple of years for a variety of data 
analysis tasks, and really enjoy using it!  I use C# sometimes and am reasonably proficient in it.  Back in the day, I would also claim proficiency in C.  

4.  Tell us a little bit about your statistics experience.  What statistics courses have you taken?  Do you use statistics on the job, and if so, how?
I just finished DS705 this summer, so that is fresh in my mind.  I also took statistics classes many years ago in my undergrad program and, later, in my MBA program.  My job as an 
architect for Microsoft Dynamics products involves driving software quality.  I use some statistics in my job as part of analyzing data related to product quality and/or customer 
usage, but anticipate it becoming a much stronger focus as we move our products to the cloud where we have significantly more telemetry available. 

5.  Do you have other experience with R or Python?
As noted in #3, I consider myself reasonably proficient in R.  I've used Python a bit for a Coursera course, but not otherwise.

6.  What do you hope to learn in this class?
The great thing about taking classes in a topic that you have some familiarity with is getting different viewpoints and learning parts of the topic that you didn't know about.  
For example, while I have some statistics background, this past summer's class taught me a ton about hypothesis testing and a few other topics.  I expect this class will do the 
same for R and Python, as well as teach me about pproaching data science problems from a programming perspective.

7.  Is there anything else you would like to share with us?
I'm looking forward to the class!